Add glossary entries for ambient (#12805)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/reference/glossary/dataplane-mode.md

---
title: Data Plane Mode
test: n/a
---

> The data plane mode refers to which mode the {{< gloss >}}data plane{{< /gloss >}} is running in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data plane mode refers to which mode the [data plane](/docs/reference/glossary/#data-plane) is running in.
```

> The data plane mode refers to which mode the [data plane](/docs/reference/glossary/#data-plane) is running in.

Reviewer: Istio currently supports three modes: [sidecar](/docs/reference/glossary/#sidecar), [ambient](/docs/reference/glossary/#ambient), and [proxyless](/docs/reference/glossary/#proxyless).

> The data plane mode refers to which mode the [data plane](/docs/reference/glossary/#data-plane) is running in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data plane mode refers to which mode the [data plane](/docs/reference/glossary/#data-plane) is running in.

Istio currently supports three modes: [sidecar](/docs/reference/glossary/#sidecar), [ambient](/docs/reference/glossary/#ambient), and [proxyless](/docs/reference/glossary/#proxyless).
```
